*This is a Work in Progress, everything is subject to change*

???: [――Your old man’s been captured by an accomplice of mine.]

The moment he employed that trump card of his, Aldebaran fully felt his own defeat.

One-hundred-and-thirty-two thousand and fourty-four attempts, such was the number of attempts with the Matrix it had taken him to solve this one problem; the Witch had trained him into the habit of counting them, and this marked the second occasion in his life he had built such a tall figure.

And thus, much like what had happened that first time, once again had Aldebaran been defeated.

The preparations performed had been flawless, all possible stratagems had been put in place, he was possessed of boundless chances to fine-tune his plans provided his heart did not shatter, and he lost.

How frail his own heart was; truly, oh so truly felt he disgust towards it.

My heart was frail.

Twas a deadly poison that Aldebaran loathe his own self; far more than his lack of talent did, far more than the lack of rewards for his efforts did, far more than him going unloved did.

???: [――――]

After the repeated trial and error with the Dragon, he had finally achieved in having the Sword Saint spill blood.

This successful experience, too, was overruled by means of the Divine Protection of Bloodshed, a ridiculous Divine Protection that made him more powerful the more blood he shed, yet both of Reinhard’s arms having been rendered useless served as his spoils of battle.

In frankness, it seemed to him that Reinhard would have prolonged the battle even if the wounds he had sustained were non-trivial, and his hope had been that savoring pain would cast a shadow upon he who was the strongest.

Alas, the man strongest in the world, the man strongest in generations, the man strongest in history, stood likewise firm in the face of pain.

Henceforth, albeit his arms had been torn to shreds and into ribbons, his complexion changed not.

Therefore――,

Aldebaran: […I get’cha.]

To Reinhard in front of him, looking on from above his own self toppled amidst a sea of sand, Aldebaran nodded in assent.

Never mind the fact he was feeling the displeasure of having soil in his mouth, feeling flavor of blood pooling on the interior side of his cut cheek, feeling the unavoidable sluggish soreness of his entire body from being rocked by the shockwave, he was compelled to declare so anyway.

Amidst the bouts whose grand total surpassed hundred-and-thirty-thousand, not once had Reinhard’s complexion changed, even despite what had been done to his arms. ――That face thus visibly contorted into a thing of dreadful sorrow.

Aldebaran: [I get’cha.]

Onto Reinhard, whose face was very much akin to that of a child who had let go of their parents’ hands and strayed from them while shopping at a mall, Aldebaran piled words of understanding.

And piling on he resumed.

Aldebaran: [Family, it always drags us down.]

Reinhard: [――Hk, and how can I know you’re telling the truth.]

Aldebaran: [Why don't you take a look? For example… with that, with the Duchess’s Divine Protection of Wind Reading. You could then see if I’m being truthful or not.]

Reinhard: [That's――]

Aldebaran: [You can’t do that? ――You’ve been left with a trauma from taking away someone's Divine Protection.]

Having pointed that out, Reinhard’s facial expression flashed with anguish.

A miniscule opening was born in the defense of the invincible, of the indomitable Sword Saint. One akin to water starting to overflow from a levee. And as more and more water seeped through, the stronger the feeling of defense felt by Aldebaran grew.

There was no defeating his Body nor his Technique. As a result, he would torment his Heart, a foul approach.

That strategy had been clearly effective.

What Aldebaran had tackled for more than a hundred-and-thirty-thousand times, and failed, he would now accomplish by playing dirty, without shedding any blood or sweat.

And that, could not be taken as being the fault of Reinhard van Astrea, the young man born expected to become the Sword Saint.

Aldebaran: [If so, then how about we use logic alone?]

Reinhard: […Logic?]

Aldebaran: [Indeed, logic.]

Raising his body upon the sand with a noise, Aldebaran gave pursuit to Reinhard.

Perhaps, were “Aldebaran” been able to get up, they could have fought while still instilling incertainty in Reinhard.

But, there were no signs that “Aldebaran”, unconscious as it was, would come to their sense, and he had already employed the key to defeat his opponent’s Heart. So, the only thing to do was to use this key to pry open a closed route. ――Aldebaran, then resolved himself.

Aldebaran: [As you can see from what I’ve done so far, I’ve taken every possible measure, and laid preparations to face off against you, Sword Saint-san. A mountain of plans, the Augria Sand Dunes riddled with Miasma, and in addition…]

Reinhard: [――Gotten the Divine Dragon Volcanica, on your side.]

Aldebaran: [Strictly speaking, that one was barely managed via a secret trick… But yes. But though I went that far, I wasn’t all that confident in beating you, and in fact, it was no good. You understand then, right?]

Reinhard: [――――]

Aldebaran: [Your old man, he was a collaborator of Princess’s. There were plenty of chances… of opportunities.]

Aldebaran was convinced that this reason was naturally not the one for which Priscilla had allowed Heinkel into her Camp.

Haughty, arrogant, unafraid to profess that all things in the world belonged to her, was Aldebaran’s beloved woman; the beautiful and the ugly she forgave equally, regardless of her likings.

She would not have used Heinkel for the purpose of getting the better of Reinhard, nor would she have intentionally hurt Heinkel out of spite for his way of being, in any way.

The source of her intents lay concealed within her heart, her heart that was fierce like flame, whence it could not be laid bare.

――Or perhaps, that was what he should have done.

Minding not the conflagration, Aldebaran, having been dispossessed of his left arm, should have let himself become charcoal, should have let himself become ashes, steeling himself to fumble and grope around in the flames with his other arm.

Had he done as such, Priscilla Barielle would still be――.

Aldebaran: […She’s no longer among us.]

Reinhard: [Al-dono?]

Aldebaran: [Al-dono? There's no reason for me to hesitate. I have no problem taking such measures.]

Reinhard's eyes narrowed slightly at Aldebaran's assurance.

Even Reinhard, who for various reasons does not want to receive the Divine Protection of Wind Reading must have been given enough information to make him believe.

Aldebaran: [――――]

A glance at Reinhard's injured arms, which had not yet begun to heal.

Blessed by the world and loved by fate, Reinhard is told that when he is wounded, the spirits around him rush to heal him, but this Augria Sand Dunes is filled with Miasma, Spirit's natural enemy. That is why Reinhard's fangirls cannot gather here.

Maybe in a situation where no one but Aldebaran has driven Reinhard to this point since the beginning of time――,

Reinhard: [...what do you think you want from me?]

As if squeezed out, Reinhard came to the hostage negotiation table.

In response, Aldebaran let out a long, long breath, knowing that it was worth it to blame his heart,

Aldebaran: [Nothing too big. I'm not going to ask you to follow me like a divine dragon, or any other unreasonable demand. I'm not going to let you betray your master, or do anything I wouldn't want done to me.]

Reinhard: [I don't understand and I don't believe it. You use my father's custody as a shield, and you want to talk about your conscience?]

Aldebaran: [I feel sorry for you who have to deal with such a man. ――I simply ask you to let it go.]

Reinhard: [Let it go?]

Aldebaran shook his head at the response, which was nuanced to say that it was impossible.

I don't think I'm going to order Reinhard to commit suicide, or to stop the Council of Wise Men in exchange for his father, or any other such absurd exchange terms.

We know that in the first place. ――Reinhard is not a hostage taker.

Aldebaran: [――――]

He is seriously concerned for Heinkel's safety, he does not want the hostile Aldebaran to die, and he is worried about his relatives, Flam and Ezzo, who are still in the tower.

And all of this human compassion can be sacrificed to the heartlessness of protecting the balance of the world when push comes to shove.

Reinhard can sacrifice Heinkel, whom he really cares about; he can kill Aldebaran, whom he does not want dead even though they are enemies; he can watch and kill Flam and Ezzo, his remaining relatives in the tower, with concern. ――That is what the “Sword Saint” is.

Therefore, only those who are willing to sacrifice themselves to protect the cause can be Sword Saints.

Aldebaran: [Let me tell you one thing: letting me off the hook here won't make the world a better place. In fact, it should eliminate two foul-players from the Royal Section and increase your master's chances of becoming ruler.]

Reinhard: [Felt-sama does not want to win the throne by eliminating her opponents.]

Aldebaran: [Candor. But, well, that's just as well. If he was willing to do that, he could have eliminated the king the moment the election began.]

This was not a bargaining chip. We knew that.

After some twists and turns, Priscilla finally approved four candidates for the royal selection other than herself. The ones that suited her glasses would not be willing to take part in such a trivial deal.

After all, this hostage negotiation itself was a farce with a foregone conclusion.

No matter how much he tried to talk, Reinhard's battered arms proved that Aldebaran was a dangerous man. There was no room for him to claim that he was a safe man.

There is no way that Reinhard van Astrea, the “Sword Saint,” could have missed Aldebaran.

Then, what is the purpose of this question and answer? The answer is obvious. ――Everything Aldebaran has done has been for the sole purpose of accomplishing what he has set out to do.

Aldebaran: [――Here it comes.]

Aldebaran was able to sense the slight change in the atmosphere ahead of time because, unlike Reinhard, who was not expecting it, Aldebaran had been waiting for it. ――Aldebaran had been waiting for the arrival of the thing that would end his never-ending battle with “Sword Saint” Reinhard van Astrea.

It was――,

Reinhard: [――Absurd.]

Half a second behind Aldebaran, Reinhard caught the sign and let out a stunned voice.

Perhaps in his half of Aldebaran's life, Reinhard must have looked into the abyss of many worlds that people his age would never see.

Even when the “divine dragon” Volcanica, with whom he has a strong relationship of trust through a covenant with the Kingdom of Lugunica, has turned against him, he has remained calm and unperturbed.

Reinhard was absolutely mortified. No wonder. It was the first time he had seen it.

The Pleiades Watchtower, at the Augria Sand Dunes―― the Tower had been constructed at that place not for a battle-worn Sage secluding themselves, nor for a knowledgeable Witch placing a tasteless Library she had deceived Od Lagna into constructing.

Reinhard: [――The Witch of Envy.]

――It had been, for guarding that which had been sealed.

△▼△▼△▼△

――It was around the time that Aldebaran's one hundred thirty-two thousand and forty-fourth battle had begun.

???: [I've given first aid, but…]

Having said that, Petra finished bandaging up one of the two injured people and watched over them with concern.

Petra had just finished treating the limp and unconscious Garfiel. She had carried Garfiel and Ezzo, who had collapsed on the top floor, down to the fourth floor and treated them as best she could.

Petra treated Garfiel, and Ezzo was treated by――,

???: [I am finished with my treatment as well. Thank you for lending me the equipment.]

Petra: [No problem, but are you okay, Flam-chan?]

Flam: [Yes. Fortunately, Al-sama only managed to restrain me, so I was not harmed.]

Flam responded by indicating her own body with her hand.

Petra's expression darkened slightly when she heard that name. Flam was safe, but Garfiel and Ezzo were in critical condition―― and that was all thanks to Al.

He did not bring harm to Flam, and not only that, he did not raise his hand against Petra and Meili either. However, this did not mean Al's actions could be justified or forgiven.

???: [Are you two~, done treating the~m?]

Petra was silent and clenched her fist in frustration. It was Meili who called out to her from behind, having looked into the room. Meili, who had declined to help the injured on the pretext of guarding the Tower, had a small Crimson Scorpion on her head, and looked at Garfiel and Ezzo, who were wrapped in bandages,

Meili: [Both fanged onii-san and Sensei-san are all bandaged u~p.]

Petra: […Both of them have terrible burns all over their bodies. It would have been better if one of us could use proper healing magic.]

Flam: [I am sorry, but being around the young master has drained my motivation to learn magic.]

Meili: [Petra-chan, don't get discoura~ged. I can't even apply bandages right, let alone use healing magi~c. When treating Elsa, I made it up as I went alo~ng.]

Even after hearing excuses that were no excuse and words of comfort that were of no comfort, there was no relief for Petra's heart. While she also had a lack of aptitude for healing magic as a form of water magic, the reason Petra had not acquired the necessary skills was undoubtedly due to her lack of resolve.

Petra: [If only Garf-san would wake up…]

Even though he would be left to treat himself, Garfiel was the one in the Emilia camp who could use healing magic the most proficiently. His strength was found in his toughness and durability, thanks to the fact that he would become lively just by standing on the ground due to his Divine Protection of the Earth Spirits, and he could even use healing magic while doing so.

So, it would have been fair to say that neither Petra nor any of the other camp members had expected that Garfiel would have been the first to become unable to fight. ――No, it was not Garfiel who was the first to be incapacitated this time.

Petra: [Subaru…]

With her clenched fist held against her chest, Petra's lips called out that name.

Subaru and Beatrice were nowhere to be found within the Tower. It seemed to be that Al took them out before moving on to Garfiel and the others, but where could they have gone?

She did not want to think about it――but she imagined the possibility that all traces of them were erased without leaving any dead bodies behind.

Meili: [Judging from how Helmet-san was acti~ng, it doesn't seem like that's the case, does i~t?]

Petra: [You are just trying to make me feel better…]

Meili: [I’m not just trying to make you feel bette~r. I would have lied to you if I was, but this is not a lie~. It's what I really thi~nk.]

Petra: [――――]

Meili: [I can borrow the power of the Witchbeast-chans, so it's a little differe~nt, but it's actually pretty hard to make a body completely disappea~r. So I think Helmet-san didn't kill Onii-san and Beatrice-chan, but took them away some other wa~y.]

With a finger on her lips, Meili speculated, to which Petra winced at the unsettling experience that backed her reasoning.

Meili was right, the best case scenario would be if Subaru and Beatrice were not dead. If they were taken somewhere, they could be rescued.

Just what was Al thinking――,

Flam: [――Whatever Al-sama was thinking, his scheming will soon be foiled.]

Meili: [O~h, you sure are full of confide~nce.]

When Flam suddenly interjected, Meili closed one eye and tilted her head, playing with her long braid. Flam nodded back with a, “Yes,”

Flam: [I will not go into the details, but I informed my younger sister, Grassis, of what happened here. Grassis is with the young master now, so she will have passed on the same information to him.]

Petra: [The young master…]

Flam: [The young master is the Sword Saint Reinhard van Astrea.]

Flam seemed proud of herself when she said it, and puffed out her chest.

Petra's eyes widened at the mention of the Sword Saint but Meili, who had come over, reacted with a “wow” that felt like both disdain and sympathy.

Meili: [If Sword Saint-san is going to swoop in, it looks like whatever Helmet-san had planned will come to nothing. I'm starting to feel so~rry for Helmet-san.]

Petra: [How can you say that, Meili-chan…]

Meili: [Sword Saint-san clashed with Divine Dragon-chan as if it was no big deal, ri~ght? Oh, but now Divine Dragon-chan is sticking with Helmet-san, so maybe he doesn't kn~ow?]

Petra: […I wouldn't feel bad if Al-san got beaten up.]

Rather, Petra could not help but think that he should be beaten up.

The fact that Al trampled on Petra's feelings was not so bad. Petra hardly knew Al, so the pain was not so great even if her feelings for him were betrayed.

The ones who were truly hurt were the people who knew Al better than her.

Both Subaru and Emilia were genuinely concerned about Al, which is why they made the time for this despite having to sacrifice their own time together. ――But Al betrayed them.

Petra: [I don't want to forgive you…]

At times, Petra found herself thinking that she was a narrow-minded, unpleasant person.

It was not just the anger she felt towards Al. From the time of the incident with the Sanctuary, she had never forgiven Roswaal, and in the Empire, she had also come across many things that she could not forgive.

Her heart simply could not forgive them, and she did not feel like forgiving them either. Petra only wanted to be kind to those who did not do the things she could not forgive.

When she was around genuinely kind people, she felt like a very unpleasant person.

Meili: [Petra-chan, you're very k~ind. I can tell you that for su~re.]

Petra unconsciously lowered her head, and Meili patted her head with a light touch. When she looked up at the feel of her palm, Meili was making a strange face.

She had a strange expression on her face, as if she was disgusted with herself or with Petra.

Petra: [… It will be tough, but let's take Garf-san down the stairs. With his Divine Protection, it might be better to lay him flat on the ground to help him heal.]

Petra made that suggestion without commenting on either the expression on Meili's face or the hand on her head.

Fortunately for them, Garfiel and Ezzo were not particularly large compared to other men. More importantly, Petra and Meili were just weak girls, but――,

Flam: [That is fine. While we are at it, we can also take Ezzo-sama. It is much more inconvenient to take them down the stairs separately.]

As she spoke, Flam unexpectedly lifted the two of them up.

Despite being the same age as Petra and Meili, her physical abilities were incomparable. She was a servant at the Sword Saint's mansion, and perhaps that was the reason for her strength.

Anyway――,

Flam: [It feels like this is not at the end yet.]

Al, after having done something unbelievable, left the tower with the Divine Dragon and, not long after, was pursued by the Sword Saint Reinhard, who had been contacted by Flam.

While both Meili and Flam seemed to think that whatever Al's plans were, there was no way they would work out. However, Petra was unable to be so optimistic.

This may be because Petra did not know Reinhard herself.

But more than that, she thought it was a little strange that Al, who had Subaru under his control, had not taken any countermeasures against Reinhard.

If even Reinhard was unable to stop Al, then what?

Petra: [――Huh?]

It was just as Flam carried Garfiel and Ezzo out of the room. Petra and Meili were packing their travel gear, which had been opened out, and were about to follow her. ――Petra was packing her equipment into her bag, felt something strange at the bottom and pulled it out.

It was――,

Petra: […A book?]

Petra's hand fell on a book that had been in her bag ――it looked familiar. It was one of the many books that were literally piled up in this tower.

There was no doubt about it. This was one of the many of the Book of the Dead arranged on the third-floor library's shelves.

The presence of a Book of the Dead was not strange in itself.

However, this made no sense. Ezzo had warned them not to remove the Books of the Dead from the archives, and everyone agreed.

Despite that, a Book of the Dead was found in that bag. And it was――,

Petra: [――Subaru's bag.]

The bag in front of her contained Subaru and Beatrice's personal belongings.

For some strange reason, the Book of the Dead was secretly hidden away in the bag containing necessities, such as changes of clothes, and the Beatrice Growth Diary that Subaru had been writing.

Petra: [The place where the name is, is unreadable…?]

Petra swallowed, checked the spine, and furrowed her brow.

She was told that the name of the person whose life and death were recorded in the Book of the Dead would be written on its spine. ――In fact, the name could be seen on the spine of a Book of the Dead in the library, regardless of whether or not the person was qualified to read it.

However, the name on the book was unreadable. It had been scratched off so that it could not be read.

Petra: [――――]

Petra tried to imagine the name scratched off the book and why it had been hidden in the bag.

The obvious intent behind scratching out the name is to conceal who this Book of the Dead belongs to. The reason for hiding it in a bag is probably also to conceal the existence of this Book of the Dead.

And since this Book of the Dead was hidden in Subaru's bag――,

Petra: [Subaru hid this book…]

Meili: [Petra-chan? I'm done with packing up the stuff over here. How about you?]

Petra: […Meili-chan.]

Petra, who had stopped what she was doing, turned around as she heard Meili's voice. At first, Meili tilted her head at Petra's unusual behavior, but she was startled when she noticed the book in her hands.

Meili: [Petra-chan, what's with that bo~ok…]

Petra: […I found it in Subaru's bag. Maybe this is.]

Meili: [That bo~ok?]

Petra: [――There may be a hint as to what is happening now.]

With a firm grip on the book's binding, Petra concluded that it was not a completely wrong assumption.

Al's sudden reckless behavior in the tower ――originally, Al's goal was to read Priscilla Barielle's Book of the Dead, a deceased Royal Selection Candidate. Or perhaps there was another goal, but in any case, he must have had a goal regarding the tower.

What if his goal was this Book of the Dead, and Subaru decided not to give it to Al and hid it in his bag?

What if that was the cause of an irreparable rift between Subaru and Al?

Petra: [Maybe it will become clear after reading this book.]

Meili: […I don't think it's safe, so I wouldn't recommend it~.]

Petra: [――――]

Meili: [But~, I also understand your feelings, Petra-chan, that you don't want just to sit around and do no~thing.]

Meili said that with a worried look, and Petra stuck out her tongue slightly and said, “Sorry”.

No matter what Meili said, Petra was going to do it. ――Subaru and Beatrice had told her over and over again that reading the Book of the Dead was incredibly dangerous.

In any case, Ezzo had boasted that the secret to reading a Book of the Dead was to close your mind and empty it, but she was not sure if she could do that.

However, Petra Leyte was not the kind of girl who allowed herself to sit quietly and do nothing. 

That being the case――,

Petra: [――Meili-chan, if anything happens, please take care of everyone.]

Meili: [Petra-chan, you have no eye for tal~ent, asking me to do tha~t.]

After that exchange, Petra took a deep breath and slowly started turning the pages of the book in her lap――,

Petra: [――Ah.]

――She came to experience a Taboo memory of this world.

△▼△▼△▼△

As to how soon that might have happened, Aldebaran had borne no confidence.

Perhaps, if the girls were frailer of heart than Aldebaran had imagined, anguished in their crying as they failed to accept the events that had transpired, a situation in which this face down card was never flipped over would have arisen. 

If such had been the case, then Aldebaran might have ended up looping another one-hundred and thirty-thousand times, endlessly bound to laying the bricks up to the realm of a billion forever and on.

However――,

Aldebaran: [I just thought that if it was those lil’ misses, they would’ve thought that far.]

The girls he had left behind, Petra, Meili, and even Flam, possessed wisdom and experience beyond their years, and were blessed with rare talents by their circumstances.

Aldebaran had predicted that once they finished saving Garfiel and Ezzo from the verge of death, rather than coming to a standstill, the girls would begin to act in a constructive manner.

Thus, in their attempt to do so, the girls would find it. ――Inside of Natsuki Subaru’s bag, they would find a Book of the Dead hidden with profound significance.

With nothing to rely on, naught a sign leading the way, it must have seemed to the girls as the sole possibility that Natsuki Subaru had left behind. If they could reel the thread of that possibility in, they would assuredly arrive at the light to escape from the closed off cul-de-sac.

The leeway to realize that this was a trap set by Aldebaran, they had not.

That Book of the Dead――,

Aldebaran: [――Belongs to “菜月・昴(Natsuki Subaru)”.]

Belonging to one who violated the logic of this world, ‘twas a Book of the Dead that truly ought to be deigned a taboo.

As to what might occur if somebody were to read it, rather than explaining it in words, witnessing that sight first hand would be far more intuitive, and difficult to misrepresent.

That was――,

Reinhard: [――Absurd.]

His blue eyes opened wide, Reinhard once again uttered the same words in dumbfoundment.

However, no matter how much he tried to deny that reality, it would not be overturned. If the Sword Saint, Reinhard was one blessed by the world, that was one whom the world cursed.

Blessing and curse were two sides of the same coin; the power balance was not one such that either was stronger.

Henceforth――,

Aldebaran: [Other than the Sword Saint, there’s nobody who can stop that.]

Plunking himself down into a cross-legged position, he gazed over Reinhard’s shoulder to the nighttime Sand Sea―― the sight, illuminated only by the faint starlight, contained a threat that unceasingly painted the world a deep black. 

At the eastern edge of the world, further east than even the Tower inhabited by the Sage, coming out from the sealed shrine that repelled all beings alike, was a symbol of upheaval, and ruination.

The Witch’s magic hands, kneaded from her Miasma, surged forth with the ferocity of a black tidal wave.

With the taboo violated, the Witch of Envy would intervene in the world.

That was the colossal time bomb that Aldebaran had prepared for use against Reinhard.

Reinhard: [――Hk, I must…]

Aldebaran: [If you’re gonna say that you need to bring me down first, then I’m also gonna fight back with all I’ve got. I’ll say this now, but if you don’t go, the world’s gonna be destroyed. Not that it would particularly matter to me.]

Reinhard: [What are you…]

Aldebaran: [Even if the world is destroyed, I won’t perish. ――That will keep ignoring me, after all.]

That was also the reason why Aldebaran himself could not have served as the switch for the bomb.

Only a being of keen eye and intellect, with the gallantry to break this deadlock, could serve as this switch.

Aldebaran: [Reinhard, I don’t wanna destroy the world. Rather, it’s the opposite.]

Reinhard: [Kuh…]

Aldebaran: [I won’t lay a hand on your old man. ――Go.]

Reinhard: [Al-dono, please do not think everything is going to go smoothly for you.]

Gritting his teeth in frustration, he had likely utilized the most foul language he was capable of. Nonetheless leaving behind his overly refined chivalry, Reinhard kicked off the sand.

Turning his back to Aldebaran and “Aldebaran”, Reinhard launched a ferocious onslaught―― intercepting the magic hands of the Witch of Envy directly from the side as they raced to swallow up the Pleiades Watchtower.

――That instant, Aldebaran experienced an illusion that sound, color, light, heat, and all things that ought to be present were uprooted away.

Aldebaran: [――――]

The Sword Saint’s white strike clashed with the Witch’s black destruction, giving birth to a color that was neither black nor white.

That was something that rivaled the cataclysmic big bang of starlight, lightning bullets, and flames that scorched night to ash, yielded during the fight between the Sword Saint and the Divine Dragon just a moment prior.  

And now, this big bang did not come to a cease with just the one collision; it continued, and continued, and continued.

Over and over, again and again, without end, without cease, knowing no end; as if to birth light, as if to birth color, as if to birth sound, as if to birth the world anew, as if to cleanly divide the world before from the world follow, they collided. 

――That was a battle that could never be settled, between one who would never cease, and one who would never perish. 

“Aldebaran”: […I got put to sleep. What happened?]

The stratagem was fulfilled, successful in getting Reinhard to clash with the Witch of Envy.

The legendary conflict between the Sword Saint and the Witch of Envy, despite unfolding in the vicinity of the Tower several kilometers away, was so fearsome that its aftershocks could be felt from here.

Perhaps due to the sensation of those aftershocks, the fainted “Aldebaran” had woken up.

Spread-eagled atop the sand, “Aldebaran” was exposed to disgrace unbecoming of the strongest Dragon, but narrowing its golden eyes at the shockwaves being propagated from over there,

“Aldebaran”: [Seems like things went pretty damn well.]

Aldebaran: [Yeah. A half-asleep incomplete Witch of Envy, and a Sword Saint impeded by Miasma and injured arms… it was worth traversing a hundred and thirty-thousand severed lines. You good to go?]

“Aldebaran”: [Aside from having an itchy throat, and being seriously low on Mana for a Mana-Tank dragonhusk. Shouldn’t be a problem to fly and slip away from the Sand Sea.]

Aldebaran: [Just so. As for when you were asleep, it’ll be better to sync you up later. For now――]

Let’s go; the moment he attempted to stand up, something came flying in from far in the distance with tremendous vigor, aiming at Aldebaran’s legs, which “Aldebaran” promptly swept away with its tail.

Deflected, what rolled upon the sand was simply a small pebble. ――Likely, it was something that Reinhard had fired at Aldebaran as he held back the magic hands of the Witch of Envy.

“Aldebaran”: [They’re coming one after the other! It might continue until I completely can’t see ‘em anymore!]

At the persistent onslaught of tiny pebbles, “Aldebaran” spread its wings to protect him, leaving Aldebaran to marvel at Reinhard’s sense of duty.

On top of understanding his role as the savior, he still devoted his everything even to the aspects not encompassed in that. ――Even more so than the personification who Aldebaran knew, this Sword Saint seemed to be greedy.

Whilst thinking that it was surely the influence of somebody close to Reinhard――,

Aldebaran: [――Didn’t I tell you, hero? I’ll win regardless. Even if it means losing a hundred thousand times.]

Leaving behind words that would never reach, Aldebaran ascended to the sky once again in the grasp of “Aldebaran”.

Amidst the Sand Sea of night, the Sword Saint, holding back the obsession of the Witch of Envy darker than night, seemed as a martyr facing the great tidal wave all by his lonesome. 

But then again, were the world destroyed, this martyr would be the lone person left standing in the aftermath.

“Aldebaran”: [Right now, wouldn’t it be possible to pincer with that and bring down the Sword Saint?]

Aldebaran: […And what then? If Reinhard were to die, then the lid holding down hell would vanish. We need him to play the part of the lid.]

“Aldebaran”: [I’m just saying.]

Aldebaran: [It would be troublesome if he were to die.]

From the outset, he had not even the slightest intention of letting Reinhard die.

Only, if they had not used attacks that were powerful enough to kill, they would not have achieved the result of injuring him. He had simply recognized that the Sword Saint was that high of a wall.

Aldebaran: [Don’t think that everything will go smoothly, hm.]

The towering wall, the martyr who would be left behind in the world, Aldebaran recalled the words he spoke upon their parting.

Was this perhaps some power of another Divine Protection? If so, he might have received something like the Divine Protection of Vital Spots or the Divine Protection of Weak Points, and activated it there.

Indeed, through an unlimited number of attempts, Aldebaran had the power to bring about the results he desired.

But despite having such power――,

Aldebaran: [So far in my life, nothing I’ve ever truly wanted to go well ever has, not even a single time.]

Even after making it to the other side of a struggle of count one-hundred thirty-two thousand and forty-four, within the heart of one divorced from blessing and curse alike, the sense of defeat did not vanish. 
