*This is a Work in Progress, everything is subject to change*

――The first feeling of “that”, was something akin to having a nightmare whilst fully awake.

???: [Bbh, bhbb, bbbbb…]

A sensation akin to rejecting understanding, stemming not from the head, but from the soul.

A sensation that felt as if “what laid before” had been severed like a taut thread being cut; wholly separated from their current self it was, and yet, while the body accepted it, the soul would not.

The nightmare, it persisted.

Something made its way into the body through the mouth that had opened for the purpose of raising a scream, and due to the contents of their body being gorged upon from within there was an unbearable sense of loss, an impossible sense of finality, an impermissible sense of desecration.

The feeling of one’s own existence being devoured, who, just who could possibly endure that?

Yellow bile spilled from the corners of their mouth as they convulsed on the cold, hard ground.

That dimly-lit space, a place so incongruous for the start of a life, was testament to the fact that a soul tattered in torment by a never-ending nightmare had already been through this many times before――,

――Why.

Such a question, was birthed in their mind.

Towards outrageousness, towards absurdity, towards unthinkable misfortune, towards reasonless malice, towards unforgivable threats, towards a vicious cycle unending, a query of “For what reason”, was posed.

――Why, why, why, why, why.

For what reason must they be made to go through something like this? Had they committed anything evil to such an extent? Was the size of their sin so great as to warrant receiving this punishment?

If this erring had been irreversible, then before accreting it to this extent and patching together retribution to the point of drowning in it, it would have been preferable had they been left to start atoning. [1]
And yet, “for what reason” must it be so?

――Why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why.

To that unceasing question――,

???: [You are invited―― To the Witch’s tea party.]

A voice pregnant with such rapture, as if a blessing, as if a curse, was spoken.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Petra-chan!]

Petra suddenly lost her balance just in front of Meili, but she quickly gave her support.
 
Petra, having made up her mind, turned the pages of the black-bound book ――the Book of the Dead, and after five seconds, she had succeeded in reading it. The atmosphere surrounding her revealed that she succeeded in its reading.

The Books of the Dead were magical books that allowed one to relive the history of a person who had died.
 
However, one could not read any book at will, and there were conditions for reading ――it was limited to those who had some connection with the person's book.
 
One must not engage in such a distasteful pastime as endlessly peering into the history of total strangers.

Of course, it was debatable whether it was a polite thing to look into the history of someone you knew. Either way, since Meili had searched for a Book of the Dead that she wanted to see herself, she had no right to question the morality of the matter.

What was important was that, judging from Petra's reaction, she had fulfilled the requirements for reading that Book of the Dead ――a book whose name had been scratched off that had been found in Natsuki Subaru's bag.

And then――,

Meili: [Petra-chan, Petra-chan, wake u~p! …This isn't good, she's not waking u~p.]

She gently tapped Petra's pale cheek, but the girl, whose eyes were closed, did not seem to be waking up. She had either fainted, was in a trance, or had fallen unconscious.
 
Stirred by Meili's concern, the Crimson Scorpion on her head began to busily snap its pincers as if trying to wake Petra up. Of course, it was to no avail.

Anyone who read a Book of the Dead would have someone's entire life stuffed into their head.
 
The mental strain must have been considerable. Flam mentioned that Ezzo, who had apparently put in so much effort that he read more than ten books, foamed at the mouth on his first reading, urinated, and passed out.

Fortunately, Petra did not seem to be suffering in a way that would damage her maidenly dignity――,

Petra: [――Hk.]

The unconscious girl's expression was one of agony or distress, with pained breathing that made it seem as if she were suffering from a high fever.

Meili: [Petra-chan, just whose Memories did you se~e…?]

Meili glanced at the Book of the Dead that had fallen from Petra's hand, and with her outstretched foot, she kicked the book on the floor away.
 
Although the spine was facing away, it would be a problem if Meili were to accidentally see the contents and collapse like Petra. ――Not many people shared the same commonality with Meili and Petra as to be affected by that Book of the Dead.

Meili: [It couldn't be Elsa's, could i~t?]

The only dead person in common between Meili and Petra was Elsa Granhiert, her face flashed in Meili’s mind.

Considering the purpose of this journey, it would not have been a surprise if Subaru, after he found Elsa's Book of the Dead, had hidden it in his bag so that it would not fall into Meili's hands.

But, however――,

Meili: […Hmm, I guess s~o. Onii-san wouldn't scratch off the spine to hide it from me~.]

Meili quietly nodded in response to the protest of the Crimson Scorpion, who swung its long tail from side to side.
 
This was due to Meili's strong trust in Natsuki Subaru.
 
He told her that she did not have to forget about Elsa Granhiert. ――If he had found Elsa's book, he would have been worried and hesitant, and in the end, he would have told her.
 
Even his hesitation would not be for himself, but out of concern for Meili and Elsa.

So, this must have been someone else's Book of the Dead――,

Meili: [――?]

The Crimson Scorpion on Meili's head suddenly stiffened, to which she slowly raised her head.

The Crimson Scorpion changed its direction on top of Meili's head, and its red compound eyes were fixed on an empty space―― no, on the wall of the Tower, sending a shiver down Meili's spine as she came to realize this fact.

It was a kind of premonition, and not a good one at that. Sensing the slightest change in the air, Meili and the Crimson Scorpion felt an unpleasant presence outside the Tower and in the distance beyond the sand dunes.

Meili: [This is~… it can't be~!]

Immediately after the thought crossed her mind, Meili, still holding Petra in her arms, slipped the Crimson Scorpion into her collar with one hand. Suddenly, it was as if the contents of a pot that had been boiled for too long had overflowed, and something―― no, it was not something that vague which came from behind the wall.

It was terrifying, and she could feel the fearsome power of the Witch approaching.

That thing from before, which was able to send Natsuki Subaru and Rem all the way to the Southern Empire, was coming.

Meili: [This, this isn’t fun~ny…!]

At that time, the Divine Dragon Volcanica, at the top of the Tower, fought off the Witch's power.

However, at this moment, the Divine Dragon had inexplicably left the Tower with Al, and no one could do anything about it. She could not imagine it would result in such a cute outcome, like being sent somewhere else by the Witch's power without the Divine Dragon.

In other words――,

Meili: [Is this, the en~d?]

Meili muttered this as she heaved a sigh at the prospect of a sudden and unexpected demise.

As she let out a sigh that seemed to acknowledge her hopeless reality, Meili felt a sense of relief―― she realized that Petra was still held in her embrace.

Unconsciously, she was trying to protect Petra against the power of the Witch.

Meili: [Onii-san, you idi~ot…]

Meili had no idea why she had said those abusive words.

However, as if to block out her own weak voice, Meili covered Petra's body with her own. This flimsy shield of flesh would offer no kind of protection. She felt regret that she had not eaten more meat――,

――Immediately after that, just before the Witch's power reached the Tower, something had intervened.

Meili: [――――]

As it was, the events beyond the wall were unknown.

However, light and sound passed through the thick walls of the Tower, blowing Meili and Petra on the inside to the back of the room.

Meili: [Ahh!]

Meili screamed, and her body was pressed against the wall and floor while still holding Petra.

Fortunately, they happened to be close to the wall and lying on the floor. If they had not been, they might have been knocked against the wall and suffered more pain and injuries.

Even so, their hair and clothes were disheveled, and the room was in a terrible state with their luggage scattered around. However, by a miracle , it seemed that Meili and Petra did not suffer any serious injuries.

Meili: [What happ~ened…?]

???: [Petra-sama! Meili-sama! Are you safe?!]

Blinking with bleary eyes, Meili sat up. Petra, limp in her arms, remained motionless with her eyes closed.

Immediately after confirming their safety, Flam rushed into the room in a panic.

Flam, who had carried Garfiel and Ezzo down to the lower levels before Meili and Petra had discovered the Book of the Dead, lowered the corners of her eyes slightly when she saw them, then quickly became serious,

Flam: [That is the young master. He is holding it back.]

Meili: [Hold back? What does that me~an…?]

Flam: [It is…]

Meili: [――You are talking about the Witch of Envy, ri~ght?]

When she mentioned that name, Flam's face went distinctly pale.

Despite being betrayed by Al and knowing that the Divine Dragon had turned against them, she had not been this shaken up before. Seeing the evident fear in her eyes at the name, Meili apologized, with, “I'm sor~ry.”

It was a natural reaction. Meili could only remain somewhat calm because this was the second time.

For most people, just the mere sensation of the existence of the Envy Witch would be enough to make one's blood run cold and render one unable to move.

Meili: [Emilia Onee-san and the others are quite extra~ordinary…]

Either because she was highly determined or had the courage and nerve to do it.

Either way, expecting everyone to be like that was unreasonable, and Meili stood up, still supporting Petra.

Meili: [Sword Saint-san is fighting outside right now, isn't h~e?]

Flam: [――. Yes, the young master is holding it back. However, it seems that the young master cannot push through.]

Meili: […If we stay here, we'll be in the wa~y.]

She did not know the cause of the Envy Witch's outburst, but from Meili's perspective, the two times she had an outburst were both when she was in the tower. She certainly did not want to think she was the cause of the Envy Witch's anger, so perhaps it was better to think that the Witch did not like her staying in the tower for long.
 
Just as she had thought that, she was lightly poked on the nape of her neck by the Crimson Scorpion's pincers coming out of her clothes.

Meili: [I'm sorry, you were with me both times, to~o.]

Flam: [Meili-sama! We should hurry and leave the tower. I will take Petra-sama…]

Meili: [――. No, it's fi~ne. I'll carry Petra-chan, so please prepare Patrasche-chan and the others, Flam-chan.]

Shaking her head slowly, Meili refused Flam's offer and slowly stood up, carrying Petra on her back.

For a moment, Flam looked unsure about what to do but quickly nodded and left.

Flam: [Go down the spiral staircase! I will prepare the dragon carriage.]

Meili: [Yes, than~ks.]

Meili lost sight of Flam's back and started to chase after her.

Just before she left, she was drawn back by the sight of the scattered luggage in the room ――in particular, the presence of the Book of the Dead, which had caused Petra to lose consciousness, but,

Meili: [No time to think about that n~ow.]

Again, encouraged by the snapping sound of the Crimson Scorpion returning to the top of her head, Meili firmly held Petra and ran out of the room.

If she really needed to know the contents of the Book of the Dead, she could always ask Petra later. ――After Petra had safely accepted the life of that “someone” into her own.

Thinking this, Meili started to run as hard as she could. Petra, now being carried by Meili, let a single tear fall from the corner of her closed eyes, framed by her long eyelashes.

And then――,

???: [Sorry… I am so sorry, Subaru…]

A weak, tearful apology spilled out, as if it was tearing apart the girl's heart.

The heart-wrenching plea for forgiveness from the girl's nightmare was drowned out by the aftereffects of the impossible clash between the Sword Saint and The Witch of Envy, and fell on deaf ears.

 △▼△▼△▼△

???: [――Milk, cold.]

Plunking himself down at seat by the counter, Aldebaran gave his order to the owner of the establishment.

In Mirula, the town closest to the Augria Sand Dunes, this was the one and only tavern. This bar held an ambiance reminiscent of the run-down taverns of a typical Western, and no other customers could be found within.

However, to thus conclude that the place was unpopular would have been quite parochial.

After all, Aldebaran’s visit to this tavern was in the interval between late-night and early-morning―― a time when those who were night owls and those who were early birds were both at the zenith of drowsiness, thus, it was no surprise that such a time would be outside the working hours of a countryside tavern.

Nevertheless, the owner opened the doors of his business for Aldebaran, who had sought his services at such a time. How considerate and understanding of the owner, truly an exemplary proprietor in the service industry.

Aldebaran: [Hence why I respect your work ethic. I wouldn’t even think of doing something so terrible as bringing harm to someone like you. I’ll pay you properly as well.]

Propping his elbow on the counter in a display of poor etiquette, Aldebaran shrugged at the bearded barkeep.

The establishment seemed to be used as a residence as well, for the owner had been woken in the dead of night, still wearing his nightclothes, but Aldebaran would not criticise him for opening shop in that attire. Rather, his complaint had to do with how the owner was quite hesitant to get started on fulfilling his order for milk.

However, even that――,

???: [Oi oi, honestly, it’ll sound like a threat regardless of what you say, me.]

Aldebaran: [Well, no matter how you look at it, I guess that’d be so, huh.]

???: [After all, wouldn’t a one-armed man with a helmet over his face suddenly barging in during the dead of night be reason enough to hesitate to receive him into one’s living room?]

Aldebaran: [And if I had to say what the biggest reason for that was…]

Speaking from outside the wall was the Divine Dragon―― the being most revered in the Kingdom of Lugunica, and rather than being easy to get along with, it had an air to it that was rather like a gangster, so there was no way around it.

Of course, there was no way that "Aldebaran" could fit inside the tavern, so the Dragon was made to wait in the street outside, somewhat cramped. Though, it was doubtful that would do anything to bring peace of mind to the shopkeeper.

Thus, a late night visit by a suspicious man and the Divine Dragon―― that would be the rough description of the unfortunate incident that the owner of this tavern had come to experience.

Shopkeeper: […Your milk.]

The owner, who had taken his own sweet time to settle down, had finally brought out the milk in a wooden tankard. Having received it with a “Thank you”, Al gestured towards the outside of the tavern with a nod.

Aldebaran: [While you’re at it, be it water or milk or something, could you serve it in a barrel to my pal outside? Anything but alcohol. Never know what might happen.] 

“Aldebaran”: [What, I think alcohol wouldn’t really be any issue. There’s no way a legendary dragon would be a lightweight.]

Aldebaran: [There’s that Dragon of myth who got exterminated with liquor, yeah? For the time being, it’d still be troublesome if you were eliminated… Even if you’re not gonna be of much use as a partner for a while.] [2]

“Aldebaran”: [Tsk, owner, please.]

With a click of its tongue as loud as a gunshot, “Aldebaran”, who had been peering into the premises through the window, withdrew its head. Having watched the scene play out before him and hesitating for a while, the owner seemed to have made up his mind as he shouldered a barrel and headed outside the tavern.

Thereupon realizing that one of his legs was a prosthetic, Aldebaran regretted having made such a troublesome request. Aldebaran felt that it would have been better had he carried the barrel himself.

He felt so, but――,

Aldebaran: [...Seriously, I’m tired, far more than usual.]

Physically, all his joints were aching, but compared to the mental exhaustion he felt, it was nothing.

When it came to the worn down state of his mind, he was exhausted to an extent akin to having fought a formidable foe one hundred thirty-two thousand forty-four times. ――No, that was putting it mildly. To be precise, it was to the extent of having been defeated one hundred thirty-two thousand forty-three times in a row, and having finally put an end to it on the one hundred thirty-two thousand forty-fourth try.

For the most part, following the plan he had devised beforehand, it could be said that they had been successful in trapping the Sword Saint, Reinhard van Astrea. Be that as it may, Aldebaran felt no sense of accomplishment whatsoever.

What he did feel, was an intense sense of defeat and an overwhelming sense of powerlessness, tinged with a slight bit of――,

Aldebaran: [Relief, that we made it through… huh.]

Despite the fact that both of the two individuals who served the greatest obstacles to Aldebaran’s objective had been magnificently immobilized by him, the fact that all he felt was a sense of relief went to show how petty he was.

Of course, the notion that he had magnificently cornered them appeared as naught but an irony. ――At the very least, Aldebaran had already wounded everyone at the Tower to shreds, including Reinhard. And that count would still rapidly and exponentially increase after this.

The most critical situation, was still underway――,

Aldebaran: [――The Sword Saint versus the Witch of Envy, in the battle of the century.]

Raising the jaw of his helmet to drink the milk from his tankard, Aldebaran muttered.

At the edge of his vision, outside the window where the Dragon had withdrawn its head―― he could hear and see glimpses of it, the aftershocks of the fierce, apocalyptic battle that was unfolding in the Sand Sea beyond.

Flashes of white seemed to tear through the night above the sea of sand time and again, and as sandstorms visible from afar were being kicked up, the battle roared out with one thunderous clap after another.

No matter how unfamiliar with battle, no matter how dull their perception, people would instinctively know that this scene was the same as what would unfold on the day of the world’s end.

That was why, despite the hour of this morning grey, a time neither night nor day, the residents of Mirula had gotten out of bed, went outside, and stared out across the sand sea in a daze.

???: [――――]

Even as the sun rose and marked the beginning of a new day, that battle would not come to a close.

As long as they did not decide to give up at some point, the people would end up spectating that battle for eternity. However, he felt like without some kind of impetus, the residents would just remain standing here.

It was not that they lacked a sense of crisis, or felt that it had nothing to do with them. 

Just that, when awash in light of a caliber that exceeds their capacity, people are invariably dazzled.

And thus, once dazzled, are unable to walk out of danger. Consequently, in many cases, the dazzled follow the voice and presence of the light that dazzled them.

Blindly, as if taken in by that heat, they would be drawn towards that blindingly strong light.

That was why, a reason to condemn the people who stood motionless――,

???: [――Wowee~! Seeing it up close, it seriously~ is a Dragon~! To be honest, I wasn’t really sure until I got this close.]

The fierce atmosphere reminiscent of the midst of war was abruptly torn asunder by the shrill voice of a young woman.

Cheerfully out-of-place, the voice brimming with youthful enthusiasm could be heard from outside the tavern as Aldebaran was getting drunk on milk.

Hearing it, Aldebaran slid off his stool, and turned to face the entrance.

The following moment――,

???: [――You in there, Aldebaran!? Get out here now!]

Marching in as if tearing down the tavern’s entrance, the red-haired man spotted Aldebaran, and strode up right before him with a violent and rough gait. 

The man unsheathed his sword with vigor, and thrust its point before Aldebaran.

At that excessively threatening attitude, Aldebaran raised his single hand with an “Oi oi”,

Aldebaran: [Even though you told me to come out, if you’re gonna force your way in and pressure me like this, that won’t be possible.]

Man: [Don’t get all nitpicky with my words now. More importantly, the thing that’s outside, that! That’s gotta be, it’s gotta be…!]

Aldebaran: [The thing that’s outside?]

Man: [Don’t you play dumb with me!]

As soon as he tilted his head, he was grabbed by the collar before the matter could be settled, forced up, and pushed out from the entrance of the tavern.

A sharp sensation was pressing into his back, and even when he tried to say “I’d go along even if you didn’t do all that”, the other person was unwilling to lend an ear.

There was no helping it. ――After all, from his perspective, the object of his heart’s desire was right before him.

???: [Oh, Al-sama, there you are… why does it seem as if you’ve become a hostage?]

Aldebaran: [Hey there, I guess a little excess blood’s gone to his head. You shouldn’t provoke him either. You’d be putting me in danger.]

???: [There you go again~, saying things like that. Even though you won’t die no matter what anybody does, Al-sama~.]

Waving her hand at Aldebaran, who had a sword fastened against his back, was a young woman wearing a maid outfit adopted from a Japanese style with a red base.

Emanating a whimsical aura akin to that of a cat, the young woman said that to him in a relaxed demeanor. Albeit knowing that it was not such a lighthearted thing as it seemed, he made no objection.

Saying anything would be futile, and that must never be made known to her.

Anyhow――,

“Aldebaran”: [Doesn’t it look like the carnage is about to continue, me?]

Aldebaran: [Don’t say that as if it doesn't concern you, me.]

And, as the Divine Dragon gazed down at him with its head high above, donning an amused smile, Aldebaran took a deep breath and retorted.

Then, as he spun his body around――,

Aldebaran: [Good grief, this is quite the promising party.]

――Hijacker of the Divine Dragon’s dragonhusk, “Aldebaran”.

――Acknowledged as such by himself and others, the Parasite of the Kingdom, Heinkel Astrea.

――The female shinobi who once aimed for the life of the Sun Princess, the Crimson Sakura, Yae Tenzen.

――Together, they made up the entirety of Aldebaran’s henchmen, as he moved to take on the world.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Sixteen.

In the defeat of the Sword Saint, Reinhard van Astrea, his existence as the former’s father was a literal vital spot, and served as a trump card.

Regardless of whether Aldebaran had wished to use that trump card or not, disregarding his own emotions, he would never have allowed himself to be careless enough to not prepare it in advance. Hence, he successfully persuaded him.

Heinkel had sunk to the rock bottom of despair for a differing reason to Aldebaran’s, but so long as he did not mess up the manner in which he formulated his words, Heinkel would use his brain to at least hear him out.

While belonging to the same Camp, the relationship between Aldebaran and Heinkel could by no means be called friendly, but it was easy to tell that his desire remained consistent.

An earnest love, perhaps it ought to be phrased as such. ――For the man who made the very core of his being something which Aldebaran admired, and simultaneously abhorred, a promise of compensation after cooperation had been particularly effective.

But then again――,

Heinkel: [――You promised me Dragon’s Blood! And right now, there’s that Dragon sitting right in front of us! And yet, are you still telling me to wait!?]

Eyes bloodshot and spittle flying, he had imagined that Heinkel might shout at him like this.

Even now Heinkel was threateningly applying pressure, ready to brandish his sword at any moment; the tip of the blade was directed towards “Aldebaran”, lying down like a pet dog on the town’s road.

Strictly speaking, the tip was being pointed right at the Dragon’s chest―― aimed directly at the heart pulsating inside the dragonhusk, storing Dragon’s Blood.

――Dragon’s Blood was capable of bringing about a bountiful harvest to the land, and could cure all manner of afflictions on the spot.

That was a legend passed down since times of yore in the Kingdom of Lugunica, said to be one of the three treasures that the Divine Dragon bestowed upon the Kingdom whence the Three Heroes drove away the Witch of Envy.

‘Twas the last drops of heart’s blood spilled upon the final pulse of a mighty Dragon’s heart, and now that the vast majority of Dragons had fled the surface, the means by which to procure the substance had been limited to frontal assault.

The potential to obtain that Dragon’s Blood was now directly in front of him. ――That reality set the soul of Heinkel Astrea ablaze, a man who had been chasing a miracle for over a decade.

Heinkel: [Finally, Louanna will finally…!]

Aldebaran: […Is that, the name of your wife?]

Heinkel: [That’s right. My, wife’s… she’s been asleep for so, so long, but with the Dragon’s Blood, it should be possible for Louanna to wake up. That’s why I cooperated with you!]

Aldebaran: [Yeah, I’m aware of how you’ve contributed, and I acknowledge it. Tell you the truth, it was thanks to your insurance that I was able to subdue your son.]

Heinkel: [If that’s the case!!]

Rather than a back and forth argument, perhaps a more accurate description would be to say that since Heinkel’s feelings were so restless, no proper discussion could take place.

As he secretly updated his Matrix here, Aldebaran was about to decide on his next words to see if he could say something to calm Heinkel down――,

Yae: [Umm~, sorry for interrupting your chat, but there’s something I’d like to ask about~.]

Heinkel: [What is it, maid!? Right now, I’m having an important discussion with this guy…]

Yae: [Over there, towards the sand dunes where light is sparking and sounds are crackling, is that not maybe your son, Heinkel-sama?]

Heinkel: [――Ah?]

Pink hair swaying in a single bun, the young woman―― Yae pointed over yonder to the sand sea, where the battle raged on, unable to be tipped toward either side.

It seemed that Heinkel had been solely focused on the Divine Dragon of his dreams, and now blinking his blue eyes upon witnessing that fierce bout,

Heinkel: […Oi, what’s going on with that? The ones fighting over there would be――]

Aldebaran: [As you can imagne, the Sword Saint and the Witch of Envy.]

Heinkel: [――Hk! Why… how the hell did it even come to that!?]

Eyes wide in astonishment, Heinkel scowled in the direction of the sand sea, where his son clashed with the Witch. Then, his shoulders seemed to tremble in fear, and,

Heinkel: [This isn’t what I signed up for! You were supposed to use me to stop him. Those were the conditions… stop them, stop them right now! The Witch of Envy, you say? What kinda fucking bullshit is…!]

Aldebaran: [Sorry, but I can’t grant that request. Your compensation is the Dragon’s Blood, old man. To stop them here goes against the initial conditions. I won’t give you two.]

Heinkel: [Gh, kuh…! In that case…!]

Aldebaran: [In that case?]

Heinkel: [――Uh.]

However enraged he was, his words continued not beyond that point, and Heinkel’s eyes dashed about to a dizzying extent.

Aldebaran could not view the weakness of Heinkel’s will as anything but pitiful. ――Aldebaran felt sorry for Heinkel.

Stuck with a family beyond his own stature, he too was a clay doll that fate fancied toying with.

Oblivious to Aldebaran’s heart of hearts, Heinkel raised and lowered the tip of his sword many times over,

Yae: [Heinkel-sama, y’know, I really don’t wanna get entangled in your personal affairs, so could you maybe stop moping around and throwing a tantrum like that?]

Unable to just stand there and watch, Yae ended up showering him with a terrible chilly voice.

Those words caused Aldebaran to place a hand on his forehead, and Heinkel to widen his eyes and glare at her. Meeting his gaze head-on, Yae smiled as she inclined her head.

And, unlike the smile on her mouth, her unsmiling eyes fixed their gaze upon Heinkel,

Yae: [Once you’ve decided to do something, it’s too late to then complain and waver after the fact. If the things you desire are in two places, isn’t it obvious that you can’t reach out another hand when you’re already reaching one out the other way? You aren’t a kid.]

Heinkel: [――Hk, even though he’s just a brat no matter what age he is!]

Yae: [Good grief, there’s really no getting through to you~. ――Al-sama?]

Heinkel had lost all composure, and fed up with him, Yae turned to Aldebaran. Understanding the meaning behind that narrowed gaze, Aldebaran shook his head sideways.

Yae did not know how to show restraint. This woman had never learned any method aside from murder.

Hence――,

Aldebaran: […Counting on you, me.]

“Aldebaran”: [Sure thing.]

The following moment, “Aldebaran” swung their forearm downwards, slamming into Heinkel as he glared at Yae, and knocking him to the ground.

With a “Wow~”, Yae’s eyes widened as she basked in the tremendous updraft, and before her eyes a picture was painted of Heinkel, buried face down in the ground.

Aldebaran: [Sorry old man, but I can’t give you Dragon’s Blood yet. For the time being, it’d be troublesome if the Divine Dragon’s heart were to stop beating.]

Yae: [This might kill the mood a bit, but might Heinkel-sama have died? Just then, that was a blow that would have even put me on the verge of death, y’know?]

“Aldebaran”: [He won’t die. Restraint… though I may not have shown any, he won’t die. For a long time now I’ve thought that the old man here was unduly sturdy but, I see now.]

Yae: […I haven’t properly confirmed it or anything, but this Divine Dragon-sama who speaks an awful lot like Al-sama, how exactly did you manage to pull that off?]

Aldebaran: [I’ll tell you later. Time is of the essence.]

Giving such a response to Yae as she sought explanation, Aldebaran squatted down beside where Heinkel had been buried, and was about to return his sword to its sheathe. ――It happened then.

Aldebaran: [Oh.]

When his outstretched arm was seized by the wrist, Aldebaran held his breath. And the perpetrator of that act, having taken an unrestrained hit from the Dragon, was Heinkel.

Heinkel’s eyes were currently unable to focus, but he was glaring at Aldebaran with a bloodcurdling expression. Guessing the meaning behind that gaze, Aldebaran sighed, and,

Aldebaran: [I’ll keep my promise for the Dragon’s Blood. I also won’t let Reinhard be swallowed up by the Witch of Envy. ――On that, well, you’re just gonna have to trust me.]

Heinkel: [――――]

It was unlikely that he had sincerely believed Aldebaran’s response. But, Heinkel languidly hung his head upon hearing that, and bearing witness to that gesture, Aldebaran wrenched his seized wrist loose.

Then, seeing Yae raising her heel aloft about to deliver a kick to Heinkel,

Aldebaran: [Look, I’m tired, and only got one hand, can I rely on you to carry the old man?]

Yae: [Do I have any say in that? If so, I'd like to decline.]

Aldebaran: [You don’t. That’s an order. You carry him.]

Yae: [Tsk~, Al-sama you brute~, fine, understood~.]

Sticking out her tongue with a “Behhh”, Yae bent over, and unearthed the buried Heinkel. Next to her as she did so, Aldebaran looked up at “Aldebaran”,

Aldebaran: [Did you say something about the old man?]

“Aldebaran”: [Ah? Ahh, nothing important really. Just how he’s lively and sturdy.]

Aldebaran: […And when you add that on top of the old man’s position and personality, his life must’ve been filled with pain, poor thing.]

He was sorry that things had come to this, but he did wish for Heinkel to live in as strong a manner as possible.

Although his circumstances were considerably harsh, it was not as though Heinkel’s misfortune was the greatest throughout the world. Though, he did not think that he would lend an ear to such a canned consolation.

Aldebaran: [Besides, the relationship in which that sort of consolation could get through to him ended just now.]

He neither bore the qualifications to find that regrettable, nor the right to wish to make amends.

Because he had that self awareness, Aldebaran refrained from expressing any further feelings. Instead, he called out “Yae” to the girl who was hard at work,

Aldebaran: [Money.]

Yae: [Isn’t that the worst possible thing to hear all of a sudden? There you~ go.]

Yae fumbled around in her clothing and threw over a leather pouch, which Aldebaran then caught. From within he pulled out a gold coin, and flicking it with his finger――,

Aldebaran: [A little extra to make up for the trouble. Keep it.]

With those words, he handed it over to the shopkeeper of the tavern, who had been watching over their exchange in silence.

Beside “Aldebaran” was an empty barrel of water, and the shopkeeper had thoroughly served their orders. They had likely caused him a fair bit of anxiety, but he had been able to converge with his henchmen, and take a short rest.

Yae: [Though it was my money.]

Aldebaran: [Shut up, you. I know you just arrived, but can you get back on the move right away?]

Yae: [The shinobi training regiment is crazy, y’know. They make us run nonstop from the Imperial Capital back to the village with no sleep or rest over half a month, with just a single bamboo cylinder of water.]

Aldebaran: [Your crazy shinobi episodes never miss the mark, huh.]

She probably wanted to emphasize that because she had gone through such a hellish experience in the past, this amount would not tire her out; however, what Aldebaran got out of her words was the insanity of the shinobi, and the corroboration of that fact by the disheartening memories of suffering through the severity of the most terrible shinobi in the Empire.

In any case――,

Shopkeeper: [W-wait…! I mean, please wait.]

Just when Aldebaran and co were about to depart, the voice of the shopkeeper halted them.

In addition to being this ragtag of a group, the Dragon had also displayed a violent attack a moment prior. To call out to them would have required substantial courage, but gulping down his saliva as he turned to face Aldebaran’s party, the shopkeeper spoke,

Shopkeeper: [That… um, the calamity unfolding at the Pleiades Watchtower, could you please stop it? You’re the Divine Dragon Volcanica-sama, aren’t you!?]

Aldebaran: [Ahh…]

Hearing the shopkeeper’s plea, Aldebaran fiddled with the metal fixtures of his helmet, and sighed.

Now that he looked around, he saw that the residents of Mirula had surrounded Aldebaran’s group at a distance, casting an imploring gaze towards them―― no, towards “Aldebaran”.

Within their eyes dwelled fear and apprehension, but at the same time, reverence and hope.

Bearing witness to the legendary and renowned Divine Dragon Volcanica from nearby, the possibility of it putting an end to the cataclysmic battle unfolding afar filled their minds. 

However――,

“Aldebaran”: [Sorry, but right now, it isn’t my job to stop that.]

Shopkeeper: [――Hk.]

“Aldebaran”: [The Sword Saint will likely stop it at any expense, but that doesn’t mean the aftershocks won’t reach here. It’d do you better to leave town for a few days.]

Shopkeeper: [A few days… that would be, how long exactly…?]

After putting his trust in the Divine Dragon, and receiving a reply that betrayed his expectations, yet the shopkeeper did not give up, and seeking an excuse to quell that which was discomposing their hearts, he asked another question.

Even if they left town, how long would that be for?

That would be――,

Aldebaran: [――Seven days.]

Shopkeeper: [――――]

Aldebaran: [In seven days, it will be settled. ――In seven days, the cause of the world ending will be removed.]

Proclaiming so, Aldebaran turned his back to the shopkeeper, to the people of Mirula, and began to walk.

Behind him, Yae followed whilst carrying the unconscious Heinkel on her back, and finally, giving rise to a weighty sound as it lifted its body, “Aldebaran” too began to walk.

Having made an enemy of the world, Aldebaran and his henchmen advanced.

By no means, would their legs ever come to a halt.

Aldebaran: [It continues. ――So that I may be myself.]



Translation Notes:
[1] This line references the verbs of all the IF routes from the Web Novel thus far barring Rem IF, plus the Lost in Memories gacha game exclusive Aganau IF. In order, we have Ayamatsu IF (Pride), translated as “erring”, Kasaneru IF (Greed), translated as “accreting”, Tsugihagu IF (Gluttony), translated as “patching together”, Oboreru IF (Wrath), translated as “drowning”, and Aganau IF (sin unattributed), translated as “atoning”. Lastly, the verb in the title of the series is then referenced, “starting”.
[2] - The dragon of myth that Aldebaran is referencing is likely Yamata no Orochi. Read more.
